what's up everybody let's talk about one
of the most important things that you
can spend your time on
brain optimization i am joining you from
the gym which is my least favorite part
of brain optimization but it's an
absolutely critical part there are many
things that you can do to get your
cognition
at the highest level possible and i
often hear people thinking that they can
grind their way to a better performance
and while working long hours is
certainly one of the strategies that you
can run to get ahead in life i will say
you have to be very careful not to spend
extra hours
in a sub-optimal cognitive state and
that's what most people do is they think
the first thing to go is sleep the
second thing to go is exercise the third
thing to go is diet things that we're
going to be talking about today and the
reality is that the first thing you want
to do is optimize your cognition so that
all of the hours that you're spending on
your chosen pursuit are things that are
done at the highest possible level from
a cognitive standpoint now nobody wishes
more than me that you did not need to
pay attention to the body that you could
simply live this entirely cerebral life
and get everything going that way but
the reality is that you cannot separate
the organ of the brain from the rest of
your body this all works in concert much
to my dismay so if you want to be
thinking quickly if you want to be
thinking clearly if you want to be at
your best feeling good operating at a
high level the reality is you must focus
on cognitively optimizing that's we're
going to talk about today
one of the most important things that
you can do is to get yourself in shape
now
i am not a fan of working out in fact it
is very fair to say that i
really don't enjoy working out but when
i think about getting my brain in shape
one of the most important things you can
do is get your blood pumping now i'm
also not going to lie there are
cognitive benefits psychologically if
nothing else to also being strong and
looking good none of those are gonna
hurt your feelings but the real reason
that i spend my time in the gym is that
you're sending a very particular signal
to your brain when you're working out
and so you increase the production of
things like
bdnf
brain derived neurotropic factor if i
remember all the letters correctly but
basically you're sending miracle grow to
your brain to make sure that you're
creating the optimal neurochemical soup
that you need in order to be performing
at a high level it really has big
impacts on memory and so getting in the
gym getting your blood pumping getting
yourself in good shape is going to be a
critical part of getting rid of brain
fog making sure that you're incredibly
sharp and making sure that you're
creating the growth factors in your
brain that you need to enhance your
memory and that's going to be a big part
of it so
i personally go into the gym roughly
five times a week there are definitely
times where i might miss a day and
there's some weeks where i might add a
day but on average it comes out to be
about five times a week you can do
any kind of different split that you
like but i personally find that weights
over cardio
is one it's far more pleasurable for me
and the best workout is the one that you
will actually do
and so i'm far more likely to stick with
a routine that is revolving around
weightlifting now i will often do the
weights at a cardio pace so i'm moving
very quickly in the gym from thing to
thing to thing not a lot of rest between
periods which has a two-fold effect one
i'm going to move quickly through my
workout so the amount of time that i
need is very low and then the other part
of that is that i'm actually getting
that cardio workout my heart is pumping
it's a very intense workout and that way
it allows me to basically combine the
two things but some people prefer to do
cardio and certainly getting yourself in
cardio shape can be very advantageous as
well certainly for heart health for your
vasculature all of that stuff is
incredibly important to maintain well
diet exercise and sleep are going to be
the magic trifecta of a little bit of
meditation thrown in we're going to
cover all of that but then finding if
you're going to do that split how much
can you mix it up now i am particularly
bad about mixing up my workouts i'm just
going to be really honest but
having some sort of split so you're not
doing your full body every time is going
to be better so the way that i break it
up is for me i do a push pull legs abs
split so it's a three day cycle that i
rotate through so i typically start with
my back and biceps so that's going to be
your pull and then i go to chest
shoulders triceps on the following day
that's going to be your push and then i
do legs and abs on a separate day
and that's the basic split that i use in
my gym i work out roughly
45 minutes sometimes an hour sometimes i
might be able to get out a bit faster
sometimes i have to get out faster if
i've got a lot going on for the day but
that is the basic cycle put in the work
you will definitely get the results
all right meditation is one of the most
important things in my life it would be
very fair to say that it changed my life
that is for sure it might it's a little
bit of an exaggeration to say that it
saved my life but it certainly saved my
sanity
and i resisted doing it for a long time
and i'm very glad that i finally met
mark devine who told me to stop being
ridiculous and to start meditating and
it really was a game changer so managing
your neurochemistry is one of the single
most important things you can do and
understanding how to shift back and
forth between the sympathetic nervous
system and the parasympathetic nervous
system so sympathetic is the fight or
flight response so many of us that are
hard charging you're going to spend so
much of your time there and it really
does have some sort of cumulative effect
so that after a while you just feel on
edge all the time the sense of you know
something is wrong you just feel
antsy unsettled and that can get
really unbearable in your life and
meditation is a magical way that nature
has given us where you can reset that to
absolute zero to where you feel
completely calm and creative and
anchored it is
truly a phenomenal gift of evolution
that simply
staying in a comfortable position which
i'm literally sitting exactly how i sit
when i meditate i breathe from my
diaphragm down at your belly
and that by bringing your thoughts back
only to the breath
back to your breath nice and simply back
to the breath it's going to wander your
mind is going to wander you're not doing
anything wrong when your mind wanders
that is the nature of the human mind so
don't worry that you have what they call
the monkey mind that your mind is
constantly bouncing around to all these
thoughts many of them negative
just when you realize that your mind has
wandered come back to the breath now i
use headphones when i meditate and i
play the sounds of nature typically my
favorite is a thunderstorm there's
something about hearing the rain and the
occasional crack of thunder that just
keeps bringing me back to the present
moment right there with the sound of
that rain the sound of that thunder the
rhythm of my breath
and then i find when i maximize the
pleasure of each part of the breath
cycle so there are four parts to the
breath cycle there's the inhale
the inhale hold at the top
the exhale
and the exhale hold at the bottom
and then you just repeat that cycle over
and over and i'll do a couple cycles
here so you can see now oftentimes
people will talk about
making each part of the breast cycle
four equal parts i have found that
optimizing for the pleasure of each part
of the breast cycle is a far more useful
way for me everybody needs to try for
themselves but a far more useful way for
me to get what i call that background
radiation that anxiety that stress all
of that down to zero and so this is what
it looks like for me i sit cross-legged
just because i find it comfortable you
don't need to whatever's comfortable for
you i put my hands in my lap i have
found there's something weird about
touching
my hands together ever so lightly that i
don't know if it creates like a circle
of energy i don't know it sounds cheesy
but that's how it feels and then i close
my eyes and again i would normally have
my headphones over my ears listening to
the sound of a thunderstorm and then i
just start my breath i breathe in
through my nose and out through my mouth
but whatever feels right for you so this
is what it looks like for me
so
all right
can't help but be relaxed uh doing that
even just right now here on camera and
the key thing is
you'll notice that for me i hold at the
top of the inhale for a very brief
period of time
but then i hold the exhale for a much
longer period of time and the only
reason that i do that is that it feels
better and so finding that rhythm for
you is going to be the key and then
i meditate for the exact amount of time
that it takes me to get completely calm
and creative so that i have no
background radiation no sense of stress
no sense of anxiety sometimes it takes
two minutes sometimes it takes 45
minutes now it's never taken me longer
than 45 minutes even at the most
stressed out and anxious i've ever been
in my life which is extraordinarily
stressed
uh
it's never taken me more than 45 minutes
to get to cleat equanimity and
that is worth its weight in gold now my
wife does not enjoy meditating but she
does enjoy drawing where she gets into a
very meditative state now i think that
if she
let herself off the hook and stop
thinking that there's ever going to be a
time where her mind
doesn't wander off onto things and just
realize that's part of it and you just
come back to the breath and you're going
to get better at it over time that she
would get additional benefit from
traditional meditation but
having something anything in your life
that's meditative maybe it's the gym
maybe it's drawing maybe it's cooking
whatever your thing is finding something
that makes you feel absolutely calm and
creative find that thing at a biological
level it's going to help you and few
things will help you optimize your
cognition better the meditation so
develop that practice i promise you'll
reap the rewards
everyone this episode is brought to you
by our sponsor betterhelp an online
counseling company with the mission to
make professional counseling accessible
affordable and convenient i hope you
enjoy what's up everybody tom bill you
here a question for you how many times
have you sat down in your life to write
out a list of goals and said yourself
for real this time i'm gonna make every
single one of these happen and i will
not quit if you're like most people you
set a lot of goals but you don't achieve
all of them in fact you may not have
achieved any of them the great news is i
don't care if you are the highest
achiever in the world or if 2021 has
beaten you down hard what i know for a
fact is that humans are wired to adapt
and no matter how difficult the previous
year or years have been you can find
your path to fulfillment and achieving
your goals look my friend trust me
learning how to stick to your goals and
achieve them again and again is a skill
and you can't learn it you can master it
and when you do it will serve you for
life great news is it's a process like
anything else 2021 has been hard for a
lot of people so i'm going to be going
live later this month to host a workshop
on exactly how to run that process
called how to make any goal stick now
you can go to this link or click the
button on your screen and get free
access to this live training and when
you register i'll send you a bonus class
from impact theory university to get you
started all right see you soon over at
the live workshop and until then my
friend be legendary take care
all right welcome to where the battle is
won or lost now all of the things that
we're talking about today are important
for cognitively optimizing but very few
will have the deleterious effect of
failing to get your diet right as
somebody who went through a brief period
where i could not understand what was
going on i had brain fog i was tired it
literally felt like i had lost my will
to fight it was crazy it was the
weirdest period of my
life as it relates to diet that is for
sure and
the culprit ended up being pecans i
still can't believe that that is true
but i know that if you're not feeling
good in life
uh at a physiological level the first
thing you should do is ask what am i
eating a lot of and then cut that out it
is shocking how much your diet impacts
your cognition so now what i'm showing
you is basically everything that i eat
now full disclosure if i make any error
in my life it is that i don't eat a wide
enough variety of foods but i'm going to
be honest with you about what i eat so
this is my monday through friday diet in
its entirety with the exception of
jicama i don't have any jicama but i do
eat a fair amount of that all right so
the vast majority of my calories um so i
eat a lot of meat and the vast majority
of my calories this is a sponsor but
they're a sponsor because it's real so
lisa and i um in trying to fix her gut
needed a good source of grass fed and
grass finished meats
so we get our meats almost exclusively
from butcher box
again they're a sponsor but that is not
why i eat them
i eat a lot of eggs so intake calories
a fair amount from eggs and then between
the different meat sources that we get i
have found that consuming a lot of
vegetable matter does not sit well with
me i'm perfectly willing to accept that
if i were to transition my microbiome
slowly over time that it may work
but i have not found that advantageous
but i do eat a fair amount of green
leafy vegetables three of my favorites
right here you've got bok choy you've
got
kale and collard greens
are ones that i particularly enjoy i
also eat a lot of carrots and then for a
snack i'll have berries so it's
something very sweet almost always
either blueberries raspberries sometimes
blackberries
but those are the ones that i eat
olive oil extra virgin olive oil is the
the only oil that i use so be very very
thoughtful about
getting vegetable oil so
vegetable oils a they rancify even just
sitting on the shelf and then they have
a very low flash point or smoke point
so you can damage the fats in cooking i
use olive oil largely because it has a
high smoke point so it doesn't tend to
get damaged in a normal cooking process
of course if you cook it too high or too
long it can
and i probably get about i don't know 60
to 65 percent of my calories um from
meats and
if you throw in the eggs maybe it goes
closer to 70 75 of my calories um
and that's all that i eat monday through
friday now on the weekends i eat
differently so on the weekends i
have a fair amount of sushi
but it's mostly what i'll call clean
sushi so it's things like baked crab
hand rolls
so it's basically crab rice and avocado
and
that helps me mix things up i'll also
get some of the things you see here or
maybe like a
beef burger i don't eat the bun or
anything like that it's literally just
the patty
which i tend to mix with eggs or bacon
um and
yeah that's my diet now in terms of what
i drink i'm not sponsored by these guys
uh just so happens that i
mix
cold brewed coffee because i don't like
hot liquids
and again no sponsorship or anything but
i drink perrier water and i mix them
together
and that's very weird for people but i
don't like the idea of being addicted to
caffeine so i like to keep my caffeine
intake very very low um so what i do is
i take one of these and i normally have
an empty one and i'll pour
some from the full one into the empty
one so that i get about a third of the
coffee that i mix with the water and i
continue every drink that i take i add
more water until it reaches a point
where i can sort of just barely taste
the coffee and the only reason i do that
is that when you don't
drink anything other than water it gets
a little bit tedious so one i like the
sparkling water and two i like to mix it
with the coffee just to get a little bit
of a different flavor and the reason
that i chose coffee is i didn't want to
drink anything that humans haven't been
drinking for thousands of years that was
the idea and that actually made a big
difference in my anxiety levels once i
cut out all of my
artificially sweetened beverages so i
was drinking a lot of zero calorie
monster and a lot of diet coke and i
miss them and they're amazing and to
anybody that drinks them i get it
but i had begun to notice a tie between
having that and feeling anxious and so i
decided to cut it out and just see if it
would help and it helped massively i'll
say it probably reduced my anxiety by
about 70 which is
massive so um that's been a big win so
this is it now on the weekends on a
saturday i may have a full-blown cheat
meal i don't do it every weekend but i
absolutely do it when i'm in the mood it
tends to be something like cold stone
ice cream which i absolutely love
so i'm very thoughtful about how often i
do that very thoughtful about monitoring
my blood glucose levels
in fact literally just off camera is a
new blood glucose monitor that i'm
excited to try out
a continuous glucose monitor and i think
it's really important to understand what
your average glucose level is like where
are you spending the most of your time
and then another big part of my strategy
is intermittent fasting and so i will
intermittent fast seven days a week
there literally isn't a day even during
the christmas season where i am totally
off the chain in terms of my normal diet
even then i'll do intermittent fasting
and i do that one for cognition it is
hugely valuable to staying sharp to
have these long periods of time without
eating and then usually one to two times
a year i'll do an extended fast and some
of them might only be 24 hours other
times it might be up to 72 hours i've
done a full five day fast before that
was miserable though and i don't plan to
be repeating that uh unless some new
evidence comes out that really shows
that there's a huge difference between a
72-hour fast and a five-day fast
i just found that it was like having the
flu i couldn't pay attention it was just
horrible and i'm somebody who's keto
adapted so for me to really struggle at
the five days like it it negatively
impacted my business which is something
that i don't like to do
and certainly had a negative impact on
my cognition i find a 24-hour fast is
pretty amazing
longer than that and i do find that it
has negative impact on my performance
so i do limit that but every day
literally every day
my average is probably about 17.5 hours
so that means there are some days that
i'm doing call it
19 hours and then other days on the
weekend
where i'll do typically
16-ish hours but in the wash it comes
out to about 17.5 when you factor it
over the course of a year
but that intermittent fasting is
something that i do all the time every
day it's just a natural part of my life
and the way that i do that is i have my
last meal around 1 15 2 p.m at the
latest
and then i don't eat again until the
following morning and i'll usually eat
somewhere between eight and nine
sometimes a little earlier sometimes a
little bit later
depending on what i'm doing that day
but making sure that i get that average
of 17.5 hours has been incredibly
beneficial so there's all kinds of
health benefits but in terms of its
impact on body composition and cognition
it really can't be beat especially when
your diet consists of whole food and
that's the thing other than the olive
oil everything that you see here on this
table
is the thing that you would see out and
about so
the bacon looks like
the flesh of a pig as it is
and the eggs obviously are just whole
eggs the carrots carrots the berries
berries the vegetable vegetables and so
not eating processed food eating whole
food where during the week i'm going to
guess 95 of my calories even including a
week where i cheat
92 to 95 percent of my calories are
gonna come from whole food uh and that's
that's been a huge win in terms of um
how i feel
how i sleep um cognition all of it is
vastly improved by whole food so that's
my easy advice to people is to eat whole
food whenever possible
and that's my diet
hey everybody it's time to talk about
all of our favorite subjects mental
health is there something holding you
back or preventing you from achieving
your goals or even just interfering with
your happiness do any of you suffer from
depression or anxiety as a lot of you
guys know i've suffered from anxiety for
years and trying to tackle something
like that on your own is not always the
optimal strategy
but a lot of people are super nervous to
try out therapy or they don't really
know where to start or they're just
plain embarrassed but now there's a
service called better help that makes
therapy more accessible and affordable
better help is professional counseling
done securely online using your computer
tablet or mobile phone through video
calls phone calls or text messaging with
licensed therapists who are certified by
their state's board to provide therapy
and counseling it is not self-help and
it's not a crisis line it's an online
service available worldwide and it has a
massive network of counselors who have a
broad and diverse range of specialties
so you can get a counselor with the sort
of expertise that might not even be
available in your local area
betterhelp assesses your needs and
matches you with a licensed professional
therapist within 24 hours you can log
into your account anytime to message
your counselor and betterhelp also has
group in our sessions every week where
members can learn in groups directly
from licensed counselors on multiple
topics like relationships and ways to
overcome anxiety especially if the
thought of seeking help makes you
nervous or embarrassed be sure to check
out the over 60 000 positive reviews
posted on the betterhelp site and that's
betterhelp
h-e-l-p
betterhelp is committed to making it
easy for you to access the therapeutic
help you need even if you have never
gone to counseling before it's free to
switch therapists it's more affordable
than local therapy and they even have
financial aid available if you need it
betterhelp wants you to start living a
happier life today visit betterhelp.com
impact and again that's spelled better
h h-e-l-p and join over 500
000 people taking charge of their mental
health with the help of an experienced
professional betterhelp costs just 65
dollars per week and financial aid is
available for those who qualify during
the sign up process
as an impact theory viewer you can get
10 off your first month so visit
betterhelp.com
impact and get the help you need today
all right guys if you need this one
please give it a shot take care and be
legendary
let me ask you a question do you know
the difference between someone who
crushes big goals in their life year in
and year out and someone who can't seem
to get ahead
[Music]
what is up my friends tom bill you here
in my opinion there are seven strategies
that you must use in order to achieve
any goal the more of them that you can
take action on the greater the chance
that you'll achieve your goal i say that
the difference between someone who is an
overachiever and someone who fails to
hit their goals is that the overachiever
does everything they can possibly do to
be successful i said a second ago that
there are seven strategies you must use
to hit any goal i'll be teaching them
later this month on a live workshop
called how to make any goal stick great
news is it's a process it can be taught
and you can deploy it in your own life
and you can register for this workshop
by going to this link i'll tell you
though right now quickly what they are
first extreme clarity and focus the
average person fails to achieve their
goals not because they didn't put an
effort but because they don't actually
know what it is they're trying to
accomplish they're not focused on
exactly what they want
second massive excitement and motivation
there are two things that motivate us
pleasure and pain most people don't
properly leverage pain and negative
emotions which means that they're only
half as motivated as they could be or at
least only using half of the tools of
somebody else that finds their way to
success
third is desire
fourth is massive pressure and this goes
back to that idea of negative emotions
if you use it the right way fear of
failure can actually be a very useful
thing
fifth coming up with the right strategy
sixth avoiding the trap of overthinking
rather than taking fast aggressive
action and finally evaluating your
progress building grit and adjusting
your course that loop is critical in
fact that last part is what i call the
physics of progress if you fail to do
that you will never make progress all
right these are the seven steps that i'm
going to walk through in much greater
detail on my live workshop how to make
any goal stick so go to the link on your
screen or click the button below to
register alright my friend i will see
you soon take care and be legendary
[Music]
all right let's talk about the big daddy
of all things related to cognitive
optimization and that is sleep if i were
going to say the two most important
things that you can do to optimize your
cognition is sleep and eat right those
are the big ones but sleep is the one
that will impact you the fastest you
could mess up your diet for
a day two days maybe even a week before
it really starts to hammer you but man
you miss one night's sleep and there is
a catastrophic cascade of biological
problems that will present themselves
rapidly
so somebody that gets i think less than
six hours of sleep a night shows the
same kind of blood glucose response as
somebody who's pre-diabetic so that
gives you an idea of missing only part
of one night's sleep can have that kind
of massive cellular impact so being
incredibly thoughtful about getting your
sleep is super important now as somebody
who loves hustle porn and being hardcore
and working an amazing amount
i do all of that with precious little
negative impact to my sleep i won't say
that it never happens especially not
since i've gotten into nfts it is there
has been some wobble in my perfect sleep
record
but it's really minor and the reason
that i do that is to me being tired is a
unique ring of hell i do not understand
people who are prepared to go their
entire lives fatigued it makes
everything worse
your ability to enjoy your life goes
down your likelihood of being depressed
goes way up your likelihood of having
metabolic disturbances goes way up there
there's just so many things go wrong and
then of course the most
traumatically impacted is your ability
to think clearly and think quickly if
you've ever gone even one night with bad
sleep let alone two or three nights you
can feel yourself declining rapidly in
performance in fact if you take somebody
that hasn't gotten any sleep and put
them in a car
they have the same sort of delays that
somebody who's intoxicated has so the
impacts on cognition cannot be
overstated so
be very careful if you're trying to be
at your best and really perform at an
elite level the thing that you must do
is get sleep so make sure that you're
prioritizing your sleep now how do we do
that how do we get sleep done in a high
quality way number one is you want to
make sure that you're sleeping in a
completely dark environment so
no night lights hopefully no even like
charging lights or things like that now
one way i do to make myself absolutely
bulletproof not only do i have blackout
curtains but i
sleep with the blankets completely over
my head now admittedly it didn't start
for reasons of light pollution but now
as i get older i'm actually grateful
that my whole life i've had this
pattern of sleeping with the
blankets up over my head which i know
for some people is a just nightmare
scenario but for me it's like
i mean if i'm honest it's like sleeping
in a womb it's just to be completely
encased is so wonderful and it makes me
feel so relaxed absolutely incredible
and then the other thing that i do is i
use white noise and so to make sure that
there are no little noises that are
going to wake me up in the middle of the
night i have white noise basically
sounds like a fan
but from a little machine that plays
that consistent sound and that helps me
sleep incredibly well and then because
my mind is so frequently in
problem-solving mode what i found is
that about 30 minutes before i go to bed
i switch into narrative mode and so i'm
going to be reading a book i use audible
but i'm going to be listening to a book
that shifts my mind out of problem
solving mode into narrative mode and
then if i wake up in the middle of the
night i keep next to me three pairs of
ipod pros so that i can put them in
i listen to the book it makes sure that
i don't go into problem solving mode
that i can stay there in narrative mode
and
i turn the volume down just to the point
where a little bit of pressure on my ear
is required to hear them perfectly and
so i'll put that bit of pressure listen
to the story and then as i fall asleep
that pressure comes off my ear
and now i can barely hear it and i fall
right back to sleep now i will give you
the advanced tip which is don't pick an
audiobook that has a bunch of murder in
it because then you wake up to the
narrator screaming and yelling and that
was waking me up so i had to learn the
hard way that there's a certain type of
book that's a good engaging story but
doesn't have narration where you know
there's yelling and screaming at any
point in the story
and yeah the last thing that i will say
about my sleep is that i go to bed at
the same time every night which is 9 p.m
i treat it like a religion i go to bed
every night at that time sometimes a few
minutes earlier if i can convince lisa
and then the second part of that is that
i don't set an alarm
so i haven't set an alarm for the last
16 17 years at this point so trust me
you can do amazing incredible things in
your life without needing to set an
alarm i get as much sleep as i need now
i don't have kids so that is no doubt a
big part of how i'm able to maintain
that but the more that if you do have
kids you can sleep closer to their sleep
rhythms to make sure that you're getting
as much sleep as you need and let me
tell you if i had kids and i needed to
go to bed at 7 00 pm i would go to bed
at 7 pm so i'm gonna go to bed at
whatever time i need to in order to get
all the sleep that i need if you need
nine hours get nine hours your brain
shrinks in the middle of the night which
basically the inflammation is going down
so that the glial system can flush
everything out get rid of any toxins
that might be building up in the system
get rid of the amyloid plaques which are
very present and people have alzheimer's
probably doesn't cause alzheimer's but
nonetheless let you know that it's doing
something that we don't necessarily want
sticking around
and i said the glial system i think i
mean the glymphatic system somebody will
have to fact check me on that because
i'm actually not sure which but the
brain shrinks nonetheless and allows you
to clear out that system um so being
very thoughtful to get as much sleep as
you need so that you can enjoy your life
so that on a biological cellular level
that you're able to run all your
processes
so that you're able to do all the memory
consolidation all the things that go
along with the ancillary effects to
sleeping
and then making sure that you're
able to think
as clearly
sharply and quickly as possible and all
of those things come down to
the quality of your sleep
the quality of your diet
the quality of your exercise and your
ability to manage your psychological
life
which we can do most easily through
meditation
so
that in a bundle my friends is how you
take care of yourself cognitively to
make sure that you can deliver an elite
level of performance day after day week
after week month after month year after
year there's no reason that pursuing
great things in your life needs to come
at a toll but you've got to take care of
that machinery that is your body that is
your mind so be very thoughtful and i
promise the sky is truly the limit all
right guys until next time my friends be
legendary take care peace